Updated changelog to include 2.1.4.0 and 1.5.0.6 (#2348)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/changelog.md

  * The ability to share an entity between Workspaces is no longer supported. The new method requires a copy of the entity to be created in the other Workspaces.

## 1.5.0.6
**Release Date** 2020/10/01

### Features

#### Kong Gateway

* Allow PostgreSQL keepalive time to be configurable.

#### Kong Manager

* Added path to service on display page.

#### Plugins

* Rate Limiting Advanced (`rate-limiting-advanced`)
  * Added RateLimit headers for draft Request for Comments (RFC).

### Fixes

#### Kong Gateway

* Fixed propagation of posted health check across Nginx workers.

#### Plugins

* Collector (`collector`, for Brain and Immunity) 
  * Fixed bug caused when trying to call `select_all`.

>   * Fixed bug caused when trying to read a request body when unknowned how to parse.

Reviewer: "unknowned" is not a word.

```suggestion
  * Fixed bug caused when trying to read a request body when parsing was unknown.
```
